updated index (#107)
esciencecenter-digital-skills/geospatial-python: learners/setup.md

1. Create a new directory on your Desktop called `geospatial-python`.
2. Within `geospatial-python`, create a directory called `data`.

> 3. Download the following files and save them to the just created `data` directory:
>   * [rhodos_GADM.gpkg](www.addlinktofigshare.com) - This data is downloaded from [GADM](https://gadm.org/) and modified for this course.
>   * [openstreetmap_rhodos.zip](www.addlinktofigshare.com) - This data is downloaded from [Openstreetmaps](www.openstreetmaps.org) and downloaded from [Geofabrik](http://www.geofabrik.de/data/download.html) and modified for this course.
>   * [Is_there_any_other_data?.zip](www.addlinktofigshare.com)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Download the data required for this lesson via [this link](https://figshare.com/ndownloader/articles/25721754).
4. Unzip downloaded files and save them to the just created `data` directory.

In total three files were downloaded
  - In `gadm` folder: `ADM_ADM_3.gpkg` - This data is downloaded from [GADM](https://gadm.org/) and modified for this course.
  - In `osm` folder: [osm_landuse.gpkg] and [osm_roads.gpkg] - This data is downloaded from [Openstreetmaps](www.openstreetmaps.org) via [Geofabrik](http://www.geofabrik.de/data/download.html) and modified for this course.
```
